# What I was doing May 22th 2024

My [now](/now/) page


<!--Keep-->


Updated March 22nd, 2024, home in Oslo.

[Permalink to this update](/now/2024.05.22)

Note sure where the last 2 months went

## Bought a house

We bought a house and are movin there in July. Excited to have a more permanent recedency after moving 6 times the past 6 years. Looking forward to having a shower I fit in after not being able to bend down in the shower some of the places I have lived. Looking forward to having a garden and getting the oporunity to find even more ways of killing plants. Looking forward to having a nice big open kitchen and to getting a food processor to make my own nut butter again.

## GAAD

We put together a simple program for Global Accessability Awareness Day at work based largly at NAV IT streams with some material on our own. I helped create and facilitate a workshop about understanding WCAG requirements. It was nice. Fun to put together and nice to use work from my masters and erlier talks in the workshop. I even managed to let others do the parts that takes a lot of energy from me and focus on what comes easy to me.

## Went for a 30km hike
Spendt to days walking 30 km and slept outside. A shorter esier trip then laster years 130km trip, but nice to get out and use my body. Will try to recreate it on thursdays for as long as possible walking and speaking out notes while listening to audiobooks and podcasts then using the breaks to write things down.

## Preparing for world mental health awareness day
Writing out a presentation about lonelyness and strategies to overcome it.

## Consuming less
I aspire to consume less in general and spend more time being present. Meditating and other such activities. Swimming is great for it.