study/index.md, before:

# What I'm studying

a list of learning activities ive been up too.

## March 2024

### Week 13
- 🎧 [Tim Ferrish Show with Seth Godin about creativity and writing](https://pca.st/episode/67a89d3a-bb7e-4c68-a88e-844af163827b]
- 📺📝 Learned about [The Result Pyramid](/notes/results-pyramid)
- Got a lot more practical experience with Zod and react-form-hook
- Learned and set up e2e testing with [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/)
- Finished 📗🎧 [Slow Productivity](/notes/slow-productivity)

### Week 12
- 📺 📝 [How to use your voice](/notes/vocal)
- 🤓 Read up on [zod](https://zod.dev) [Learn Zod in 30 minutes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L6BE-U3oy80) and [react-form-hook](https://react-hook-form.com/) and how [react-form-hook and zod can be used together] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cc_xmawJ8Kg)
- 📺 [the 6 working geniuses](https://youtu.be/iscwJh9Cugk) 📝[notes on the 6 working geniuses](/notes/6wg)
- drawing in figma, including using plugins, using masks, and pencil tool
- 📝 wrote cfp [bærekraftig universell utforming](https://dagfrode.com/cfp/2024-sustainable-accessibility)

Commit message:

Added study activities from week 14

study/index.md, after:

# What I'm studying

a list of learning activities ive been up too.

## March 2024

### Week 14

- 📺 JTBD
- 🎧 [Er det mulig for utviklere å lede og kode samtidig?](https://open.spotify.com/episode/6yTUchcuycQGQa2Fr9t5NI?si=pYtT5CP8QN6HLOeo5McTeg)
- Provided sparring and feedback on college course
- Meet up with accesability faggruppe
  - started on questioneer
  - created a text [resize tool](/inclusive-design/tools)

### Week 13

- 🎧 [Tim Ferrish Show with Seth Godin about creativity and writing](https://pca.st/episode/67a89d3a-bb7e-4c68-a88e-844af163827b)
- 📺📝 Learned about [The Result Pyramid](/notes/results-pyramid)
- Got a lot more practical experience with Zod and react-form-hook
- Learned and set up e2e testing with [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/)
- Finished 📗🎧 [Slow Productivity](/notes/slow-productivity)

### Week 12

- 📺 📝 [How to use your voice](/notes/vocal)
- 🤓 Read up on [zod](https://zod.dev) [Learn Zod in 30 minutes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L6BE-U3oy80) and [react-form-hook](https://react-hook-form.com/) and how [react-form-hook and zod can be used together] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cc_xmawJ8Kg)
- 📺 [the 6 working geniuses](https://youtu.be/iscwJh9Cugk) 📝[notes on the 6 working geniuses](/notes/6wg)
- drawing in figma, including using plugins, using masks, and pencil tool
- 📝 wrote cfp [bærekraftig universell utforming](https://dagfrode.com/cfp/2024-sustainable-accessibility)
